README.md, before:

# Scallion Manor - Frontend Mini Program

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)

## 📖 Project Overview

**Scallion Manor** is a blockchain-based asset management and inheritance tool.  
It provides users with a **secure inheritance mechanism** and helps cultivate a **forced saving habit**, ensuring better asset protection in the blockchain world.

This repository contains the **frontend mini program source code** used for demonstration and user interaction.

⚠️ **Note**:
- The **core backend and smart contracts** were completed **before** the hackathon.
- This repository focuses on the **frontend integration and features developed during the hackathon**, demonstrating the product’s core value.

---

## ✨ Key Features (Frontend)

- 📂 View heirs / benefactors information
- ➕ Add and store digital assets
- 🏦 Simulate asset saving and lock-up
- 🔐 Basic interaction with backend smart contracts (demo integration)
- 🖥️ Simple and intuitive UI to showcase the inheritance workflow

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Requirements
- Node.js >= 18
- WeChat Developer Tools (or other compatible mini program development environment)

### Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### Run development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

### Build for production
```bash
npm run build
```

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

### MIT License Summary
- ✅ **Commercial use** - You can use this project for commercial purposes
- ✅ **Modification** - You can modify the source code
- ✅ **Distribution** - You can distribute copies of the software
- ✅ **Private use** - You can use the software privately
- ⚠️ **Liability** - The software comes with no warranty
- ⚠️ **Attribution** - You must include the original copyright notice

For hackathon participants: This project is fully open source under MIT license, allowing you to freely use, modify, and distribute the code.

Commit message:

update README.md, add the url of demo and smart contract.

README.md, after:

# Scallion Manor - Frontend Mini Program

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)

## 📖 Project Overview

**Scallion Manor** is a blockchain-based asset management and inheritance tool.  
It provides users with a **secure inheritance mechanism** and helps cultivate a **forced saving habit**, ensuring better asset protection in the blockchain world.

This repository contains the **frontend mini program source code** used for demonstration and user interaction.

⚠️ **Note**:
- The **core backend and smart contracts** were completed **before** the hackathon.
- This repository focuses on the **frontend integration and features developed during the hackathon**, demonstrating the product's core value.

---

## 🔗 Live Demo & Smart Contract

### 📱 Mini Program
**Try the live demo on World App:**
[https://world.org/mini-app?app_id=app_70ff18a3a8a84dc8f2532061c8bfdf37](https://world.org/mini-app?app_id=app_70ff18a3a8a84dc8f2532061c8bfdf37)

### 🔐 Smart Contract
**View the smart contract on WorldScan:**
[0x6EA33738ef28C274F8E08F0b5fD213C79e0E569C](https://worldscan.org/address/0x6EA33738ef28C274F8E08F0b5fD213C79e0E569C#code)

*Smart contract handles secure asset storage, inheritance mechanisms, and automated distribution logic.*

---

## ✨ Key Features (Frontend)

- 📂 View heirs / benefactors information
- ➕ Add and store digital assets
- 🏦 Simulate asset saving and lock-up
- 🔐 Basic interaction with backend smart contracts (demo integration)
- 🖥️ Simple and intuitive UI to showcase the inheritance workflow

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Requirements
- Node.js >= 18
- WeChat Developer Tools (or other compatible mini program development environment)

### Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### Run development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

### Build for production
```bash
npm run build
```

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

### MIT License Summary
- ✅ **Commercial use** - You can use this project for commercial purposes
- ✅ **Modification** - You can modify the source code
- ✅ **Distribution** - You can distribute copies of the software
- ✅ **Private use** - You can use the software privately
- ⚠️ **Liability** - The software comes with no warranty
- ⚠️ **Attribution** - You must include the original copyright notice

For hackathon participants: This project is fully open source under MIT license, allowing you to freely use, modify, and distribute the code.
